feat(sdk)!: enable open telemetry by default. (#381)
trustbloc/wallet-sdk: cmd/wallet-sdk-gomobile/docs/usage.md

* Code: A short alphanumeric code that is used to broadly group various related errors.
This contains the Category descriptor.
* Details: Lower-level details about the precise cause of the error.

> * TraceID: An id of Open Telemetry root trace. Can be used to trace API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TraceID: ID of Open Telemetry root trace. Can be used to trace API calls. Only present on certain APIs.
```

^Also perhaps which APIs have this?
